docs(flutterinfinitelist): add stream_transform import for `throttle` api (#3557)
felangel/bloc: docs/flutterinfinitelisttutorial.md

One optimization we can make is to `debounce` the `Events` in order to prevent spamming our API unnecessarily. We can do this by overriding the `transform` method in our `PostBloc`.

?> **Note:** Passing a `transformer` to `on<PostFetched>` allows us to customize how events are processed.

> ?> **Note:** Make sure to import the stream_transform package in order to use the `events.throttle(duration)` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
?> **Note:** Make sure to import [`package:stream_transform`](https://pub.dev/packages/stream_transformer) the `throttle` api.
```

Author: Done!

> ?> **Note:** Make sure to import [`package:stream_transform`](https://pub.dev/packages/stream_transformer) the `throttle` api.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
?> **Note:** Make sure to import [`package:stream_transform`](https://pub.dev/packages/stream_transformer) to use the `throttle` api.
```
